I come reviews today we got review our
case-mate tough get a tough case it's a
hybrid case which is would be made of
two parts of soft silicon part and hard
plastic part then you combine together
for extra strength that's how it looks
when when I rice that's a packaging on
on the case with case may say this that
is a hybrid tough case for ipad users
protected uses the protective power of
dual layers a form-fitting silicone skin
surrounds your ipad completely absorbing
each impact or hard knock so that's
sometimes i think i look at it is that
okay i mention it's a hybrid case made
of two parts silicon port and hard shell
i believe they come in three
combinations of colors let's take a look
so they come in black and pink black and
green and white and light gray so these
are three color combination to come the
prices are not for fifty dollars not
including shipping so let's try to put
it on on the ipod and see how everything
fits
so first what I like to do is to look
for the sound record and then find the
part that's much in it q sound record on
the silicon part so he's going to try
this in the sleek on this very flexible
it's very easy to put it on no problem
here that's a second part on and now we
have to do the same with a hard case
again I'm now looking for the son rocker
which is right here so that's where it's
going to go in right see that's a tricky
part starts I bet this back there you go
unlike other cases is not it will not
kind of snap in the place you that I
actually push it down into place but it
looks good the fit is very tight and
very secure what the first thing I
notice it has two big blip on the sides
which is going to protect the screen
there is a power all the titles all the
apples are easily accessible the sound
rocker it's covered with a silicon part
same as power button
oh let's make a test see how everything
works so first I like to test the sound
record as you see works just perfect
with these there is no problem of
accessing net then lack there you go
it's easy accessible and you will have
to use your kindly nail it's a little
bit hidden but accessible nevertheless
the power works just fine yeah okay what
I like to do is to test it with dr.
charter see there's any problems or put
snapping it and see no problem
whatsoever sign with the audio output
headphones jack fits right in there no
problem whatsoever the protective
silicon layer does go over the top of
the rim of the ipad which is great
because it's going to give you the extra
protection from dust and dirt the hard
outer layer more protection from I know
from the pump and bruises and a silicon
layer between the hard shell and iPad
will act as a shock protector in case
you drop it which I don't recommend it i
would do we believe that that case we'll
give you some protection in those
situations overall the case has very
nice feeling very nice design I like the
hybrid idea of the case the back of it
this readers it protects the ipad ipad
from slipping so you will have very good
grip on it i would probably like to see
more choice color choices when it comes
to it like i say this one comes only
three colors just pink and black which
is definitely not my first choice bright
green probably would not be my choice
either i'm more into subtle colors and
the only other choice is white and gray
which is i mean would be great but by
another black and wearing i would like
to see fit to Rome Aldo five star I
would give this case probably four and a
half stars for protection that and
that's only only because it's missing
the screenshot which would be nice if
they edit in a set up actually think
that every manufacturer of case it
should include those this is not a big
cost but it's a great help and no you
don't have to go through extra hustle
looking for screens from their screen
shield so that's only mine sites even
comes to protection when it comes to the
design probably i would give four stars
or four and a half stars like i say the
choice of colors is not my favorite but
of overall design and it filled it's
just great so i'll recommend this case
to everyone this is us as much as an
outdoor case if you go to the part or
you know if I mean your work is not
exactly an office work you can use it
use this case for like up everyday case
so it's a great case enough how do you
recommend it I hope to see you again and
and till then see ya